h1. Overview

@pashua.lua@ is a Lua module that allows you to run Pashua.app from Lua. For more information on Pashua, visit: https://www.bluem.net/en/projects/pashua/.

The way how @pashua.lua@ checks for the location of Pashua.app is very simple. It does not check whether the Pashua binary exists; it simply tries to @os.execute@ it from a specific location, and tries another location if the call failed.

The reason behind is that I do not like checking for a file’s existence in Lua by trying to open it in read mode (@io.open("filename")@), because @io.open@ can return @nil@ *either* when the file does not exist, *or* you don’t have the permission to read this file.

To check for a file’s existence platform-independently, this would require an external dependency, e.g. "LuaFileSystem":https://github.com/keplerproject/luafilesystem or "SimpleFileSystem":https://github.com/Eroica/sfs.

h1. Compatibility

Tested on Lua 5.3, and should be able to run on any Lua >=5.1.

Since by default, Lua does not ship with OS X, you need to install it by yourself: https://www.lua.org/.

h1. Usage

@pashua.lua@ returns a module containing one function: @run@. Run expects a configuration string.

By default, @pashua.lua@ looks in these directories for Pashua.app:

* @/Applications/@
* @~/Applications/@
* the current folder

Alternatively, you can supply another path (string) to @run@ which @pashua.lua@ tries to execute first.

h2. Disclaimer

Pashua.app is a Mac application. Hence, @pashua.lua@ contains some _Mac-isms_ (e.g. the default location of applications), and is not portable. In general, this is not a good practice.

h1. License

See @LICENSE@ file in this repository:

bc.. Copyright (C) 2018 Eroica

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
   claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
   in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
   appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
   misrepresented as being the original software.
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
